You really came here,
How was it? This place back then,
That's where I killed your wife,
Look at you now, your little silver is here too,
Ah, wow, wow,
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow,
Wow, wow, wow, wow,
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow,
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow,
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
I'm even more disdainful of how good-looking he is
This is your Dragon King father
The strength of Fan Guan
It's a better combination than our family
What can I say?
Thank you for trying so hard to look good
Still suspicious of our female mother
Come out, right? Thank you, Dragon King Father, Dragon King Father.